Luxi fonts copyright (c) 2001 by Bigelow & Holmes Inc. Luxi font 
instruction code copyright (c) 2001 by URW++ GmbH. All Rights 
Reserved. Luxi is a registered trademark of Bigelow & Holmes Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining 
a copy of these Fonts and associated documentation files (the "Font 
Software"), to deal in the Font Software, including without 
limitation the rights to use, copy, merge, publish, distribute, 
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Font Software, and to permit 
persons to whom the Font Software is furnished to do so, subject to 
the following conditions:

The above copyright and trademark notices and this permission notice 
shall be included in all copies of one or more of the Font Software.

The Font Software may not be modified, altered, or added to, and in 
particular the designs of glyphs or characters in the Fonts may not 
be modified nor may additional glyphs or characters be added to the 
Fonts. This License becomes null and void when the Fonts or Font 
Software have been modified.

THE FONT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT 
OF COPYRIGHT, PATENT, TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL 
BIGELOW & HOLMES INC. OR URW++ GMBH. BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES 
OR OTHER LIABILITY, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, 
INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF 
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF THE USE OR 
INABILITY TO USE THE FONT SOFTWARE OR FROM OTHER DEALINGS IN THE FONT 
SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the names of Bigelow & Holmes 
Inc. and URW++ GmbH. shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to 
promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Font Software without 
prior written authorization from Bigelow & Holmes Inc. and URW++ GmbH.

For further information, contact:

info@urwpp.de
or
design@bigelowandholmes.com
